[FIX] - Remix pages now use Talisman (#618)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: develop/smart-contracts/connect-to-asset-hub.md

The steps in the preceding section can be used to connect to any Asset Hub chain by modifying the network specification and endpoint parameters.

### Talisman

[Talisman](https://talisman.xyz/){target=\_blank} is a specialized wallet for the Polkadot ecosystem that supports both Substrate and EVM accounts, making it an excellent choice for Asset Hub interactions. Talisman offers a more integrated experience for Polkadot-based chains while still providing Ethereum compatibility.

To use Talisman with Polkadot Hub:

1. Install the [Talisman extension](https://talisman.xyz/download){target=\_blank} and set up your wallet by following the on-screen instructions
2. Once installed, click on the Talisman icon in your browser extensions and select Networks dropdown:  

    ![](/images/develop/smart-contracts/connect-to-asset-hub/connect-to-asset-hub-7.webp){: .browser-extension}

> 3. Search for **Westend Asset Hub** in the list of networks and select it (ensure that the checkbox **Enable Testnets** is selected to view the available testnet):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Search for **Westend Asset Hub** in the list of networks and select it (ensure that the checkbox **Enable Testnets** is enabled to view the available testnets):
```

    ![](/images/develop/smart-contracts/connect-to-asset-hub/connect-to-asset-hub-8.webp){: .browser-extension}

> After selecting the network, Talisman will automatically configure the necessary RPC URL and chain ID for you. You can now use Talisman to interact with the Westend Asset Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After selecting the network, Talisman will automatically configure the necessary RPC URL and chain ID for you. You can now use Talisman to interact with Westend Asset Hub.
```
